## Styled-Components 💅

Let me start from an opinion: [styled-components](https://www.styled-components.com/) are probably the best way to write CSS in JS. If you're stuck with React and you need to have any CSS for your components, then right now styled-components are the thing you would have the least amount of troubles with.

You can read more about how styled-components are used and how they work at their [docs](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/basics) (and if you'd want to read more about the syntax — the tagged template literals — there is [a nice article about them](https://mxstbr.blog/2016/11/styled-components-magic-explained/) by one of the styled-components' author).

But lets get to bemto-components. The point is: they were created with styled-components in mind. And all of the above features make much more sense and impact when used together with the abstractions and style isolation styled-components provide.

Let me rewrite the example component from the BEM part using them:

    const Block = styled(bemto({
      content: [
        {
          elem: 'content',
          children: true
        },
        {
          elem: 'helper',
          optional: true,
          modifiers: {
            _dark: props => !!props._dark
          }
        }
      ]
    }))`
      display: inline-flex;
      border: 0.5em dotted;
      padding: 0.5em 1.5em;

      &_dark {
        color: #FFF;
        background: #000;
      }

      &_big {
        font-size: 2em;
      }

      &__content {
        box-shadow: 0 0 0.5em;
      }

      &__helper {
        min-width: 1.5em;
        text-align: center;
        background: pink;

        ${()=>Block}_dark & {
          background: rebeccapurple;
        }

        &_dark {
          text-shadow: 0.5em 0.5em 0  #FFF;
        }
      }
    `;

    <div>
      <Block>Just a block</Block>

      <Block _big>Big block</Block>

      <Block _dark _big __helper='🙀'>Nice!</Block>
    </div>

In this example you can see how we can just wrap our `bemto()` definition with a `styled()`, attach styles and then get the desired result.

The best part there is that all the classNames generated for elements and modifiers are based on those classNames that are generated by styled-components! And that means that we won't have any conflicts, those classNames would work even if you'd mention a block from another block or element (look at the interpolation part: `${()=>Block}_dark &` does just that) etc.

That means: our styles are isolated, have the same basic specificity and are coupled with the component itself. And they're really, really to create this way!

Another thing that you can see is not that related to the styled-components themselves — its a modifiers feature — but it makes much more sense there. Its the fact you can use the argument of the elem's modifier object to modify it based on the block's call params: `props => !!props._dark`, and that means that if you don't want to use the CSS' way of doing context styles, you can really easily do it this way and get the tidy selector with just one className.